feat: Terraform code to setup Bank of Anthos as a sample deployment on an Anthos cluster (#881)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bank-of-anthos: terraform/anthos-gke/README.md

# Deploy Bank of Anthos sample application on an Anthos cluster

> This page walks you through the steps required to deploy the [Bank of Anthos](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/bank-of-anthos) sample application on an Anthos cluster using Terraform and Anthos Config Management (ACM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page walks you through the steps required to deploy Bank of Anthos on an Anthos cluster using [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) and [Anthos Config Management (ACM)](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/config-management).
```

## Pre-requisites

Setting up the sample requires that you have a [Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console), connected to your billing account.

> ## Deploy the sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy Bank of Anthos
```
